Testimonials
ADHD
“Loved my first visit. The staff here are so nice and welcoming and Joel truly listened
to my symptoms and history and made a nuanced treatment plan that no past
provider has suggested I try. Will be returning!”
-Carly H.

Anxiety
“This was my first time seeing any professional for my severe anxiety. I’ve had two
sessions so far and within the first 4 weeks of treatment I feel like my anxiety has
decreased significantly and I know this is just the start. I’m also so much more
sociable now. I wish I had come here sooner”
-Benjamin F.
Bipolar

“I never thought I’d get to where I am in life now. I’m back in school, work part-time,
and am enjoying the stability of day-to-day living. I’m so thankful to the team here at
Empire for getting me to this point. They truly care.”
-Isabella L.

Depression
“My memory was foggy for months and I was always tired, among a few other issues
I was having. I decided to get treatment by Empire for what I thought was insomnia,
but after my first meeting I was diagnosed with depression. By targeting my
depression, my other symptoms got so much better. I have more energy, and my
mental clarity is the way it used to be years ago. Thank you for such a thorough
assessment, and for knowing how to treat me better than I would’ve ever thought.”
Konstantin C.

PTSD
“I’ve been dealing with PTSD the last few years and have been a mess, to say the
least. I’ve tried pretending everything was fine until I knew I needed help. Dr. Joel
has been amazing, and I finally see a path towards normalcy. The entire staff is so
warm and welcoming and made me feel at ease. Highly recommend.”
-Daniel L.
Panic
“There is no magic bullet for panic disorder. There is appropriate medication,
therapy and guidance, and a ton of hard work. I never thought I could take the steps
to get better until I came here and started treatment at Empire. Things are still a
challenge for me, but I have come so far under their care. I am so grateful.”
-Dawn R.

General
“This is the first place that I actually look forward to going to sessions. Everyone is so
nice, and I was weaned off a ton of unnecessary medications my previous doctor put
me on, and switched to only a couple that make such a improvement in my
symptoms. The difference with Empire is night and day.”
-Sonya J.